hello box my name is John llevas and
today we argued Len evening he is
manager for smartphones in Hazel's can
but enough w oz and for two questions
now so we're going to be actually not
going to be talking about the zenfone 2
we're going to be talking about this the
zenfone line from last year and we're
actually going to be talking about how
much ground and market share asus
managed to gain with the zenfone right
yes so to just put everything in
perspective you know you all know the
IDC report that actually showed chair
mobile is number one in Philippians so
let me what's your position there I did
not see you because they only gave us
like a five top i right I agree on a lot
to you actually we're never sticks last
24 will be our sharing last q streets
only number 12 so which means that we
use one quarter to be we will wrong
number 22 number state chose by the
data's you just one quarter guys they
manage to leave prob everybody else just
because of all this they managed to go
from number twelve to number six it's
amazing thank you Lord about that you
get you then peace ability and then we
have six now okay there when the zenfone
5 was actually launched a lot of stores
were sold out once once the bones got
there yes okay to be honest II as much
high price in the beginning should be
ignited by to be the end so we didn't
say that we will know just price 2269 by
a story right now so the quantity that
we prepared really not that sufficient
so that's why I'm so that's why so I
also heard that the price for the
zenfone 5 was in the philippines since
the lowest yeah hit the X in the region
or the world I think she'll be the world
we had the lowest price and how they
compile compared with other countries
and I just flew off the shelves and I
know you're you can actually that word
of how many phones that it's substantial
I think I heard how couples are sistas
it's a couple I think it's more than
200,000 I think this around though so
you don't have it in her bag make sure
that's not it because that's not this
Paloma that's amazing for so that
much phones there's still five of the
philips Lighting yes so this little bit
too just sample five guys if you can't
wait for need a very solid phone you can
still buy the zenfone 5 in sports we
have a review of the zenfone 5 while it
does have some of the some annoying
things like because of in those previous
generation processor it's actually very
good by a good money so you since we've
actually had this for more than six
months now what's the feedback when it
comes to surface because one of the
points were the things that I've
actually not the zenfone 5 4 it's the
still overheating issue and in Sasha not
your fault smart as all of the core
processor so have you seen a lot of
products or form
coming back to the service centers that
needs to be repaired or whatever right
now i can now should give you some
fingers right now do I mean the
detective rate will always is less than
0.5% a standpoint by yourself wow that's
not a percentage out of this I don't
arouse of how like I fifty percent
mature grades is actually pretty good so
you're not going to be seeing clients
service center and maybe if you really
have some problem and so I think more
about the reseller help you to swap is
it's me dissemination no profit
potential which means help you fix your
problem in the very beginning to worry
about that okay so you actually also HR
about a new product this is a Grand
Forks together and sees the 4.5 inches
is a latest one that we launched comedy
sitcom you should buy a next one my next
month it's coming essentially bridges
the gap between the zenfone 4 it is then
for 595 is how big that site inches so
this is 5 inches is 4.5 of sport inches
so if you need like a small smartphone
secondary smartphone to take with you
you can don't want to settle for it's
way too small
so ha what is simple to read a lot of
people are going to be asking so i might
as well ask you look at a bit angry at
me for not asking you yeah okay what I
can say is that please just focus on
more keep following a cisco very sick
very sick answer haha music the zenfone
2 will do us well as the zenfone 5
whereas our target and I want to mention
again simplifying last year for you just
one day before we're going to launch is
being anybody who no doubt prices 698
back so our talk is that we kind of be
more aggressive for the dance at least
one to two quarter compared with other
vendors so i think i was able to we
hopefully we can also surprise you and
Sam is everything fine okay so you heard
it straight from the map that do not
believe any rumors or even if it's
coming from us help you any pricing
reverse and you rumors about how much it
would be big until it actually comes out
because the pocket it like the sample
Pavan when we actually pointed it to be
this price when and then they have
actually gone into process when it
actually launched with this price so any
reversing you have any reports or
whatever take a look a grain of salt
this guy actually determines what kind
of price so if you don't like pressing
the pretty this guy actually determines
the price of the zenfone 5 are 0-2 with
some severe things so do not believe any
rumors until they actually come up with
the pricing because my limo they might
actually come up with another
blockbuster pricing
under miracle-working surprising so a
lot more Filipinos can actually buy the
zenfone 2 when it comes down yes so how
do you see your face to face when is
that they want to yeah so yeah he knows
that you are all waiting for design for
food you guys don't have your private
emails okay so just wait for that thank
you very much sir letting for actually
allowing us to interview you and talk
about the sampling series of folks if
you have any questions for him or racist
you can go to the asus facebook page
don't wish don't ask you when it's going
to come out they're just going to come
up and he's going to tell us but for any
other concerns or you have any questions
for us I'm boss leave it in the comments
below like subscribe and share this
video if you want to if you like what
you see thank you very much on the box
sup thank you